update APM service page docs (#17966)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/services/service_page.md

**Note**: Tag any monitor with `service:<SERVICE_NAME>` to attach it to an APM service.

## Watchdog Insights

> The [Watchdog Insights][7] carousel surfaces anomalies and outliers detected on specific tags, enabling you to drill down straight to the root cause of an issue. Insights are discovered from APM, Continuous Profiler, Log Management, and Infrastructure that include the service tag. These insights are the same insights that appear in each of the product pages, for example, the same Log outliers on the service page can be found in the [Logs Explorer][19]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Watchdog Insights][7] carousel surfaces anomalies and outliers detected on specific tags, enabling you to investigate the root cause of an issue. Insights are discovered from APM, Continuous Profiler, Log Management, and Infrastructure data that include the service tag. These insights are the same insights that appear in each of the product pages. For example, the same Log outliers on the service page can be found in the [Logs Explorer][19]. 
```
